# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 7 November 2023

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Derek, JohnT, MattW, TimT

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

Triage duty shifts Tue-Mon

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL
-   3 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Tuesday morning)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 247          | +1      | Open              |
| 22           | -2      | Selected for Dev  |
| 28           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 22           | +3      | Dev Complete      |
| 1            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

Miscellaneous:
-   AI (Mat): XRootD tarball for Pelican
-   AI (???): ship first batch of vo-client updates for IGTF CA 3
-   AI (Mat): Write instructions for package signing using YubiKeys on Windows
-   AI (Matt): ship osg-ca-certs with workaround, osg-ca-certs-java without workaround
-   AI (BrianL): put together backfill container RPM package ticket for MattW

Remaining OSG 23 items <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-5503>.
-   Figure out if we need VOMS for EL9/an update to EL8
-   AI (Tim): Update tarball scripts to use `23-main` (SOFTWARE-5713)
-   AI (BrianL): Finish transition of internal containers to OSG 23

### Discussion

-   How should we manage containers produced by OSG Staff?
    -   We should separate needs/reqs for containers that are built off of the OSG Software pipeline (dev -> testing ->
        release Yum repos) vs everything else
    -   Ideally, for everything else, we'd have a GitHub workflow template or action and some convention for tagging as
        well as immutability/retention policies
    -   Repo sprawl is a concern for security and management.
        Harbor creds are per organization so it may be prudent to separate out mostly-internally facing containers to a
        separate project, e.g. `osg-internal`
    -   Consolidation into the `images` repo doesn't work well for many images right now, especially those with "large"
        code bases as it makes dev (think tracking issues/PRs) more difficult.
        We should think of the SVN packaging repo as an analog here.
        We could add some additional flexibility to the `images` repo that would allow per-image references to external,
        trusted repos and usage of build processes that aren't so tightly tied to the Software release process.
    -   For the time being for the `xrootd-monitoring-collector`, we should just use a custom GitHub Action
-   Release of scitokens-cpp is in bodhi and needs karma. Ready for TimT tobuild for Debian
    -   EPEL7: https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-EPEL-2023-f0f162d810
    -   EPEL8: https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-EPEL-2023-f9dc18f284
    -   EPEL9: https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-EPEL-2023-2dfb911a54

### Support Update

-   cvmfs-x509-helper issue with the latest version that causes the client to hang. DaveD is on it.

## DevOps

- scitokens-cpp release this week.  Already in fedora update system bodhi.

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   XRootD 5.6.3-1.2
    -   osg-system-profiler 1.7.0
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet
 
### Discussion

None this week

