# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 June 2024

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Marco, Mat, Matt, Tim

## Announcements

-   BrianL OOO Thursday and Friday

### Triage Duty

Triage duty shifts Tue-Mon

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL
-   9 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+1) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday morning)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 211          | -6      | Open              |
| 17           | -3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 29           | +6      | In Progress       |
| 16           | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 6            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

Kubernetes Hackathon ideas:
-   Add CVMFS port redirection to cache base
-   Add multi-export support to Pelican origins
-   Remove `topology-scitokens-fetcher` from base cache and origin bases
-   Add osg-htc.org CNAMEs to production Yum repos
-   Add nodeSelector to the k8s gratia probe
-   Finish moving UW OSDF cache to a data center with a faster network connection

BrianL and Jason will be late to the hackathon due to a regularly conflicting Fellows meeting

This week, let's focus on tackling our support tickets:
-   GGUS ticket about HP4CL where they're asking about `Active: False` resources
-   Many tickets in overdue yesterday, lots of tickets in "Customer responded" state: 

### Discussion

-   Tim: HTCondor LTS (23.0.12) release this week; feature release (23.8.0) next week.
    The tarballs will contain Pelican 7.8.
    Tim will debug broken file transfer on ARM minicondor containers;

-   GlideinWMS: 3.10.7rc2 is ready. Marco successfully built for 3.6 but the build is hanging for OSG 23-main;
    Mat noticed the Koji builders are not responding and will debug.

### Support Update

-   SWT2 (BrianL): had some back and forth with Armen around installing the k8s gratia probe.
    Passed along feedback to Ryan and Matt around config, started registering the resource in Topology.
    Should we create a separate service or is `Execution Endpoint` sufficient?
    BrianL leans towards the latter.
    
    -   Mat leans towards new service.

-   Mat: User reported errors accessing his data through the director and switched to trying specific caches by hand.
    The origin turned out to be broken; those caches were working because they had already cached his data.
    Fabio fixed the origin and migrated it to Pelican.


## DevOps

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   xrootd-5.6.9-1.6
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

None this week
