# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 3 December 2024

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Brian, Tim, Mat, Matt

## Announcements

-   BrianL OOO Dec 23 - Jan 3
-   Matt OOO Dec 23 - Jan 1

### Triage Duty

Triage duty shifts Tue-Mon

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: BrianL
-   10 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets (since 11/19)

### Jira (as of Monday morning)

(delta since 11/05 meeting)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 221          | +0      | Open              |
| 17           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 45           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 17           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 1            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -1      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   EL9 repo status
    -   AI (Mat): Finish announcement email
    -   AI (Matt): Review PR for migration script

-   Glidein dir cleanup status: temporarily disabled due to holding up Glidein startup
    at a site with a large number of dirs to clean up on a shared filesystem.
    Todd T, Matt, and Mat had a brainstorming discussion, for which Todd will write up a design.

-   AI (Mat): Create new VMU disk images so we can run VMU tests again.
-   AI (Mat): Build XRootD 5.7.2
-   AI (Mat): Review OSG 24 upgrade instructions PRs

-   AI (Matt): Remaining OSG 24 image builds:
    -   docker-xcache: Mat to review PR
    -   docker-compute-entrypoint: requires a new osg-ce build, though hosted CEs should
        already be using the version of osg-ce from main-testing or upcoming-testing.
        Matt should ask hosted CE operations if they are running the new version

-   AI (Matt): VMU tests on ARM; CHTC has an ARM machine that is restricted to running jobs
    from BatLab and CHTC staff; CHTC operations will review the policy.

### Discussion

-   Thoughts on how we can reduce Hosted CE IPv4 usage?
    Need to discuss with the HTCondor development team if unique IPv4 addresses are necessary;
    Tim thinks yes, for reverse DNS, but Mat thinks reverse DNS isn't used anymore

    Tim suggests running each Hosted CE on a different port but Brian says that would be verfy
    painful to manage and would essentially lock CEs to specific nodes.

    Brian will investigate IngressRouteTCP.


### Support Update

-   SURF (Mat): LIGO site using an xcache-based cache; they got a new cert and need a LIGO
    test file to test with because their cache does not support the OSG VO.

-   IceCube (Mat): condor_gpu_discovery not discovering Intel GPUs.  Mat will discuss with
    the HTCondor dev team.

## DevOps

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Release:
    - pelican-7.10.11
-   Ready for Testing:
    - None this week

### Discussion

-   AI (Matt): Additional XRootD patches for a patch release: #2300 and #2363
